README.md, before:

# Youtube iOS clone
This is the sample followed the tutorial at 
[Let's build that app](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj). Highly recommend for experiened iOS developers. 

###What will you get 
- Build an application completely. 
- Create the UI programmatically. 
- Start the app programmatically in AppDelegate. 
- Update later...

###Timeline
The project started at 4AM, Oct 13, 2016. 

- The 1st day ([Ep1](https://youtu.be/3Xv1mJvwXok)): Built the home screen with collection view in 38 minutes.
- The 2nd day ([Ep2](https://youtu.be/APQVltARKF8) and [Ep3](https://youtu.be/rRhJGnSmEKQ)): Add dummy data and format cell size. Custom the navigation bar and status bar. Create a custom menu bar with UICollectionView. Change to image tint color. Length: 28 minutes for Ep2 and 36 minutes for Ep3. 
- The 3rd day ([Ep4](https://youtu.be/Zud56x_VYvs)): Add dummy data, estimate the title size to change the title label height dynamically. Create 2 bar buttons and change their color. 
- The 4th day ([Ep5](https://youtu.be/WjrvcGAZfoI)): Working with the JSON. Call the service, get the result and parse JSON to the model. Extend the UIImageView to download image with GCD. 
- Update later...

Commit message:

- Show a solution to load image async = Using cache to solve loading wrong image in UITableView/UICollectionView scrolling.

README.md, after:

# Youtube iOS clone
This is the sample followed the tutorial at 
[Let's build that app](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj). Highly recommend for experiened iOS developers. 

###What will you get 
- Build an application completely. 
- Create the UI programmatically. 
- Start the app programmatically in AppDelegate. 
- Update later...

###Timeline
The project started at 4AM, Oct 13, 2016. 

- The 1st day ([Ep1](https://youtu.be/3Xv1mJvwXok)): Built the home screen with collection view in 38 minutes.
- The 2nd day ([Ep2](https://youtu.be/APQVltARKF8) and [Ep3](https://youtu.be/rRhJGnSmEKQ)): Add dummy data and format cell size. Custom the navigation bar and status bar. Create a custom menu bar with UICollectionView. Change to image tint color. Length: 28 minutes for Ep2 and 36 minutes for Ep3. 
- The 3rd day ([Ep4](https://youtu.be/Zud56x_VYvs)): Add dummy data, estimate the title size to change the title label height dynamically. Create 2 bar buttons and change their color. 
- The 4th day ([Ep5](https://youtu.be/WjrvcGAZfoI), [Ep6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFvs6eraBXM)): Working with the JSON. Call the service, get the result and parse JSON to the model. Extend the UIImageView to download image with GCD. Ep6 shows a solution to solve loading wrong image in UITableView/UICollectionView scrolling. Use cache and check the url before use the cache is a good idea. 
- Update later...
